blood/bloodchains m
blood/blooddoor m
blood/bloodmetal m
blood/bloodtile m
blood/bloodtrim1 m
blood/bloodtrim2 m
blood/bloodtrim3 m
blood/bloodtrim4 m
blood/bloodwall m
blood/bloodwall1 m
blood/bloodwall2 m
blood/bloodwall3 m

creeperpens/edenbarn w
creeperpens/edenbarn2 w
creeperpens/edenbarn3 w
creeperpens/edenbarnceil w
creeperpens/edenbarnroof w
creeperpens/edenbarnroofend w
creeperpens/edenhay o
creeperpens/edenhaybale o
creeperpens/edenhaybale2 o
creeperpens/edenhaybale3 o
creeperpens/edenwoodfloor w
creeperpens/FL_creepershit s
creeperpens/FL_pens_base d
creeperpens/fl_pens_base2 d 
creeperpens/FL_pens_outside d
creeperpens/FL_shit_decal o
creeperpens/FL_shit_trans o
creeperpens/FL_street2_pens d
creeperpens/FL_street3_pens d
creeperpens/tr_grate g
creeperpens/TR_pens m
creeperpens/TR_pooshoot m
creeperpens/wl_astroid r
creeperpens/wl_astroid2 r
creeperpens/wl_barnwindow w
creeperpens/WL_basement_2 r
creeperpens/WL_basement_3 r
creeperpens/WL_basement_trans r
creeperpens/WL_dungbindoor w
creeperpens/WL_hay_trans o
creeperpens/WL_pens_insidedoor m
creeperpens/WL_pens_outsidedoor m
creeperpens/WL_pens_outsidedoorback w
creeperpens/WL_pensgate m

eden/base m
eden/basicwall r
eden/basicwallbroke r
eden/bedtrim w
eden/blue_water
eden/blue_water_envmap
eden/CL_church r
eden/CL_edenroof m
eden/CL_edenroof2 m
eden/CL_edenroof3 r
eden/CL_edenroof4 m
eden/CL_edenroof5 m
eden/CL_redroof m
eden/creeperwall r
eden/creeperwall2 r
eden/door8 w
eden/eden_envmap1
eden/eden_envmap1_bak
eden/eden_envmap2
eden/eden_envmap2_bak
eden/eden_envmap2_bak2
eden/eden_fakkhouseenvmap
eden/edenbricks r
eden/edencabinets w
eden/edencobble r
eden/edendoor m
eden/edendoor2 w
eden/edendoorwide m
eden/edenfanwall m
eden/edenfence m
eden/edenfence2 m
eden/edenfloor w
eden/edengate m
eden/edenmetal1 m
eden/edenmetal10 m
eden/edenmetal11 m
eden/edenmetal2 m
eden/edenmetal3 m
eden/edenmetal4 m
eden/edenmetal5 m
eden/edenmetal6 m
eden/edenmetal7 m
eden/edenmetal8 m
eden/edenmetal9 m
eden/edenmetalwall m
eden/edenmetalwall2 m
eden/edenmetalwall2end m
eden/edenrock r
eden/edenrockdark r
eden/edenrockmid r
eden/edenstair m
eden/edenstair2 m
eden/edentable w
eden/edentile r
eden/edenvent m
eden/edenwalltran m
eden/edenwater1 
eden/edenwriting m
eden/FL_basement r
eden/FL_basement2 r
eden/FL_chainfloor g
eden/FL_edenhouse w
eden/FL_edenhouse2 w
eden/FL_edenhouse3 w
eden/FL_edenhouse4 w
eden/FL_edenhousez w
eden/FL_grass o
eden/FL_ground d
eden/FL_groundwhite r
eden/FL_sheiekpens o
eden/FL_street1 r
eden/FL_street2 d
eden/FL_street3 d
eden/FL_street4 d
eden/FL_street5 d
eden/FL_underground r
eden/FL_underground2 r
eden/FL_woodchips o
eden/FL_yw_trans r
eden/floortile r
eden/fountain r
eden/fountainglow
eden/genmetal m
eden/genmetal_shiney m
eden/genmetal_1 m
eden/genmetal_1_shiney m
eden/genmetal_2 m
eden/genmetal_2_shiney m
eden/genmetal_3 m
eden/genmetal_3_shiney m
eden/housetrim m
eden/hybridrock
eden/ivy
eden/ivybig
eden/lt_edenlt.glow
eden/LT_edenlt1 m
eden/LT_edenlt10 m
eden/LT_edenlt10b m
eden/LT_edenlt10w m
eden/LT_edenlt11 m
eden/LT_edenlt11b m
eden/LT_edenlt11w m
eden/LT_edenlt12 m
eden/LT_edenlt12b m
eden/LT_edenlt12w m
eden/LT_edenlt13 m
eden/LT_edenlt13b m
eden/LT_edenlt13w m
eden/LT_edenlt14 m
eden/LT_edenlt14b m
eden/LT_edenlt14w m
eden/LT_edenlt15 m
eden/LT_edenlt15b m
eden/LT_edenlt15w m
eden/LT_edenlt16 m
eden/LT_edenlt16b m
eden/LT_edenlt16w m
eden/LT_edenlt17 m
eden/LT_edenlt17b m
eden/LT_edenlt17w m
eden/LT_edenlt18 m
eden/LT_edenlt18b m
eden/LT_edenlt18v m
eden/LT_edenlt18w m
eden/LT_edenlt19.glow
eden/LT_edenlt19 m
eden/LT_edenlt19b m
eden/LT_edenlt19g m
eden/LT_edenlt19lb m
eden/LT_edenlt19p m
eden/LT_edenlt19w m
eden/LT_edenlt1b m
eden/LT_edenlt1w m
eden/LT_edenlt2 m
eden/LT_edenlt20 m
eden/LT_edenlt20b m
eden/LT_edenlt20w m
eden/LT_edenlt21 m
eden/LT_edenlt21b m
eden/LT_edenlt21w m
eden/LT_edenlt22 m
eden/LT_edenlt22b m
eden/LT_edenlt22w m
eden/LT_edenlt23 m
eden/LT_edenlt23b m
eden/LT_edenlt23w m
eden/LT_edenlt24 m
eden/LT_edenlt24b m
eden/LT_edenlt24w m
eden/LT_edenlt2b m
eden/LT_edenlt2w m
eden/LT_edenlt3 m
eden/LT_edenlt3b m
eden/LT_edenlt3w m
eden/LT_edenlt4 m
eden/LT_edenlt4b m
eden/LT_edenlt4w m
eden/LT_edenlt5 m
eden/LT_edenlt5b m
eden/LT_edenlt5w m
eden/LT_edenlt6 m
eden/LT_edenlt6b m
eden/LT_edenlt6w m
eden/LT_edenlt7 m
eden/LT_edenlt7b m
eden/LT_edenlt7w m
eden/LT_edenlt8 m
eden/LT_edenlt8b m
eden/LT_edenlt8w m
eden/LT_edenlt9 m
eden/LT_edenlt9b m
eden/LT_edenlt9w m
eden/metalrib m
eden/metaltrim m
eden/nicechurchwall r
eden/ornatetopwall m
eden/ornatetrim1 m
eden/ornatewall_weathered2 m
eden/ornatewallweathered m
eden/propellorwall m
eden/pushcrate m
eden/pushcrate_glow
eden/qer_blue_water_scroll
eden/qer_edenwater1
eden/rock r
eden/SI_training w
eden/siding m
eden/techdoor m
eden/technowall m
eden/technowall1 m
eden/technowall2 m
eden/technowall3 m
eden/technowall4 m
eden/technowall4_shiney m
eden/technowall5 m
eden/tile r
eden/toprail r
eden/TR_basement m
eden/TR_basement_2 m
eden/tr_chainlink g
eden/TR_church r
eden/TR_church_2 r
eden/TR_church_3 r
eden/TR_church_5 r
eden/TR_church_fx
eden/TR_church2_fx
eden/TR_churchtrim_4 r
eden/TR_edenwriting_glow
eden/TR_garden_tarp o
eden/TR_garden_tarp2 o
eden/TR_inside_1 r
eden/TR_laundry_1 s
eden/TR_laundry_2 s
eden/TR_laundry_3 s
eden/TR_laundry_4 s
eden/TR_laundry_5 s
eden/TR_laundry_6 s
eden/TR_market_sign w
eden/TR_metal m
eden/TR_metal2 m
eden/TR_metal3 m
eden/TR_metal4 m
eden/TR_metal5 m
eden/TR_metal6 m
eden/TR_metal7 m
eden/TR_metal8 m
eden/TR_pole m
eden/TR_redmetal m
eden/TR_redmetal2 m
eden/TR_redmetal3 m
eden/TR_redmetal4 m
eden/TR_roost_1 m
eden/TR_roost_2 m
eden/TR_roost_3 m
eden/TR_roost_4 m
eden/TR_roost_5 m
eden/TR_roost_6 m
eden/TR_roost_7 m
eden/TR_roost_8 m
eden/TR_roost_9 m
eden/TR_spiderweb1
eden/TR_spiderweb2
eden/TR_spiderweb3
eden/TR_stair_1 r
eden/TR_stair_2 r
eden/TR_support m
eden/tr_trim.glow
eden/WL_arch m
eden/WL_arch1 r
eden/WL_arch1_glow
eden/WL_arch2 m
eden/WL_basement m
eden/WL_basement_1 m
eden/WL_basement_2w r
eden/WL_basement_transw r
eden/WL_basement2 m
eden/WL_basement3 m
eden/WL_basement3_glow
eden/WL_blinds
eden/WL_blinds2
eden/WL_brick r
eden/WL_ch_back r
eden/WL_ch_back2 r
eden/WL_ch_back3 r
eden/WL_church r
eden/WL_church_1 r
eden/WL_church_2 r
eden/WL_church_2big r
eden/WL_church_3 r
eden/WL_church_detail r
eden/WL_church_detail1 r
eden/WL_church_detail2 r
eden/WL_church_door r
eden/WL_church_glass
eden/WL_church_large m
eden/WL_church_wood w
eden/WL_church_wood2 w
eden/WL_climb_slats w
eden/WL_damaged r
eden/WL_damaged2 r
eden/WL_darkmetal_1 m
eden/WL_darkmetal_2 m
eden/WL_darkmetal_3 m
eden/WL_doortops m
eden/WL_dungbindoor w
eden/WL_eden_darkstone r
eden/WL_edenbrick r
eden/WL_edendoor m
eden/WL_edendoor1 m
eden/WL_edendoor2 m
eden/WL_edendoor2_unlocked m
eden/WL_edendoor3 m
eden/WL_edenhouse r
eden/wl_edenhouse10 r
eden/WL_edenhouse2 r
eden/WL_edenhouse2w r
eden/wl_edenhouse3 r
eden/WL_edenhouse4 r
eden/WL_edenhouse5 r
eden/WL_edenhousew r
eden/WL_edenred r
eden/WL_edenred2 r
eden/WL_edenred3 r
eden/wl_edentown r
eden/wl_edentown1 r
eden/wl_edentown2 r
eden/wl_fakkhousewindow g
eden/WL_fan m
eden/WL_fan2 m
eden/WL_glass1 m
eden/WL_glass2 m
eden/WL_glass3 m
eden/WL_glass4 m
eden/WL_glass5 m
eden/WL_gold(clean) m
eden/WL_inside_1 m
eden/WL_inside_2 m
eden/WL_inside_3 m
eden/WL_inside_4 m
eden/WL_insidetrans_1 m
eden/WL_insidetrans_4 m
eden/WL_market o
eden/WL_market_door w
eden/WL_market_sides w
eden/WL_market2 o
eden/WL_market3 o
eden/WL_neweden_1 r
eden/WL_neweden_2 r
eden/WL_neweden_4 r
eden/WL_neweden_5 r
eden/WL_neweden_7 r
eden/WL_neweden_8 r
eden/WL_neweden_ivy o
eden/WL_neweden_ivycap o
eden/WL_neweden_ivyoverhang o
eden/WL_pullpit m
eden/WL_redwood w
eden/WL_rock r
eden/WL_rock2 r
eden/WL_rock3 r
eden/WL_rock4 r
eden/WL_rock5 r
eden/WL_rock9 r
eden/WL_target w
eden/WL_tarpside m
eden/WL_tarptop m
eden/WL_udoor m
eden/WL_underground1 m
eden/wl_window_fhouse.blend
eden/WL_window_fhouse m
eden/wl_window1.blend
eden/wl_window1 m
eden/wl_window1_inside.blend
eden/WL_window1_inside m
eden/wl_window2.blend
eden/WL_window2 m
eden/wl_window2_inside.blend
eden/WL_window2_inside m
eden/wl_window3.blend
eden/wl_window3 m
eden/wl_window3_inside.blend
eden/WL_window3_inside m
eden/wl_window4.blend
eden/WL_window4 m
eden/wl_window4_inside.blend
eden/WL_window4_inside m
eden/WL_winerack w
eden/WL_wood(dark) w
eden/wood w
eden/woodfloor w
eden/woodpeg w

metals/silvermetal m

oracle/lighttrim1 m
oracle/oraclekeys m
oracle/oraclemonitor m
oracle/oracletrim1 m
oracle/oracletrim2 m
oracle/oracletrim3 m
oracle/oracletrim3a m
oracle/oracletrim4 m
oracle/oracletrim5 m
oracle/oraclewall1 m
oracle/oraclewall2 m
oracle/oraclewall4 m
oracle/oraclewall4_ship m
oracle/oraclewall4_shipb m
oracle/oraclewall5 m
oracle/oraclewall5a m
oracle/oraclewall5b m
oracle/oraclewall5c m
oracle/oraclewall6 m
oracle/oraclewires m
oracle/oraclewiresc m

otto/bolthead m
otto/otto_envmap1
otto/ottocabinet m
otto/ottocabinet2 m
otto/ottocabinet3 m
otto/ottocabinet3a m
otto/ottocabinet4 m
otto/ottocontrol m
otto/ottocontrol2 m
otto/ottocontrol3 m
otto/ottocontrol4 m
otto/ottocontrol5 m
otto/ottocontrol6 m
otto/ottocontrol7 m
otto/ottocrate w
otto/ottocrate2 w
otto/ottocrate3 w
otto/ottocrate4 m
otto/ottocrate5 m
otto/ottocrate6 m
otto/ottocyl m
otto/ottofloor m
otto/ottogrnmetal m
otto/ottogrnmetal2 m
otto/ottolight m
otto/ottometal m
otto/ottopbeam w
otto/ottopipe m
otto/ottopipe2 m
otto/ottoscrew m
otto/ottoshop w
otto/ottosign1 m
otto/ottosign2 m
otto/ottosign3 m
otto/ottosign4 m
otto/ottosign5 m
otto/ottosign6 m
otto/ottosign7 m
otto/ottostair1 m
otto/ottostair2 m
otto/ottotrapdoor w
otto/ottotrim1 m
otto/ottotrim10 m
otto/ottotrim11 m
otto/ottotrim2 m
otto/ottotrim3 m
otto/ottotrim4
otto/ottotrim5
otto/ottotrim6 m
otto/ottotrim7 m
otto/ottotrim8 m
otto/ottotrim9 m
otto/ottowall1 m
otto/ottowall2 m
otto/ottowall3 m
otto/ottowall4 m
otto/ottowall5 m
otto/ottowall5a m

shield/chrome_env
shield/elec_yellow1
shield/elec_yellow2
shield/elec_yellow3
shield/metalfloor_wall_9b.glow
shield/metalfloor_wall_9b
shield/plasmadead
shield/plasmaFE
shield/shgen m
shield/shgen02 m
shield/shgen03 m
shield/shgen04 m
shield/shgen05
shield/shgen06 m
shield/shgen7
shield/shield_light.glow
shield/shield_light m
shield/specialtrim m
shield/specialtrim_pulse1
shield/specialtrim_pulse2
shield/technowall m
shield/technowall2 m
shield/technowall3 m
shield/technowall4 m
shield/technowall5 m

swamps/CL_canopy(lowest) o
swamps/CL_canopy(lowest_corner) o
swamps/CL_canopy(nomask) o
swamps/CL_canopy o
swamps/CL_canopy4 o
swamps/CL_new_canopy5b o
swamps/CL_swampelev m
swamps/FL_cave d
swamps/FL_dock w
swamps/FL_hut r
swamps/FL_hut_inside w
swamps/FL_hut_inside2 w
swamps/FL_hut_moss r
swamps/FL_hut_moss2 r
swamps/FL_hut_moss3 r
swamps/FL_lilypad o
swamps/lilypad2 o
swamps/FL_lilypad_alfa o
swamps/FL_lilypad_trim o
swamps/FL_swamp_path r
swamps/FL_swamp1 o
swamps/FL_swamp10 s
swamps/FL_swamp12 s
swamps/FL_swamp13 o
swamps/FL_swamp14 s
swamps/FL_swamp15 r
swamps/FL_swamp15b s
swamps/FL_swamp16 s
swamps/FL_swamp17 d
swamps/FL_swamp2 o
swamps/FL_swamp3 o
swamps/FL_swamp4 o
swamps/FL_swamp5 o
swamps/FL_swamp6 r
swamps/FL_swamp7 r
swamps/FL_swamp8 d
swamps/FL_swampcrossover01 d
swamps/FL_swampcrossover02 r
swamps/FL_swampelev w
swamps/FL_swampwater2
swamps/FL_swampwater3
swamps/FL_tigerpit s
swamps/leaf_test1 o
swamps/leaf_test2 o
swamps/moss_trim w
swamps/new_canopy_lowest o
swamps/new_canopy_lowest_corner o
swamps/qer_fl_swampwater3
swamps/swampwater
swamps/swleaf
swamps/TR_rope
swamps/TR_vinescum
swamps/wa_test2
swamps/wa_test4
swamps/waterfall
swamps/WL_basement2 r
swamps/WL_basement2_top r
swamps/WL_basement2_top2 r
swamps/WL_boathouse(working) w
swamps/WL_boathouse w
swamps/WL_boathouse_arch w
swamps/WL_boathouse_detail w
swamps/WL_boathouse_door w
swamps/WL_boathouse_red w
swamps/WL_boathouse2 w
swamps/WL_cave r
swamps/WL_climb_vines o
swamps/WL_climb_vinesb o
swamps/WL_faces w
swamps/WL_hut w
swamps/WL_hut_inside w
swamps/WL_hut_poletop w
swamps/WL_hut_wood w
swamps/WL_hutbed o
swamps/WL_hutdoor w
swamps/WL_hutpole w
swamps/WL_hutroof o
swamps/WL_hutroof_clean o
swamps/WL_hutroof2 o
swamps/WL_hutwindow w
swamps/WL_hutwindow_inside w
swamps/WL_inside_hut w
swamps/WL_inside_hut_tr w
swamps/WL_insidetree w
swamps/WL_mossyrock r
swamps/WL_mossyrock_tops o
swamps/WL_mossyrock_tops2 o
swamps/WL_mossyrock_tops3 r
swamps/WL_planthead	o
swamps/WL_plantstem o
swamps/WL_stonewall r
swamps/WL_stonewall_moss r
swamps/WL_stonewall_sm r
swamps/WL_swampelev o
swamps/WL_swampelev_top w
swamps/WL_swampelev_top_g
swamps/WL_swampelev_top_r
swamps/WL_swampelev_toptrim w
swamps/WL_swamprock r
swamps/WL_swamprock_trans o
swamps/WL_swamptree w
swamps/WL_swamptree_moss o
swamps/WL_swamptree_moss_trim o
swamps/WL_swamptree2 w
swamps/WL_swamptree3 w
swamps/WL_swamptree3b w
swamps/WL_swamptree4(rings) w
swamps/WL_swamptree4 w
swamps/WL_topoftree w
swamps/WL_trapdoor w
swamps/WL_trapdoor_trim m
swamps/WL_wood(dark) w

under/FL_cave_under s
under/FL_cave_under_2 s
under/FL_cave_under_trans r
under/FL_cave_under_trans2 r
under/FL_cave_under_trans3 r
under/FL_cave_under_trans4 r
under/FL_cave_under1 d
under/FL_cave_under3 r
under/FL_machines g
under/FL_machines2 g
under/FL_machines3 m
under/TR_crystal_under r
under/TR_crystal_under2 r
under/TR_crystal_under3 r
under/TR_support m
under/WL_cave_under r
under/WL_cave_under2 r
under/WL_machines m
under/WL_machines10 m
under/WL_machines2 m
under/WL_machines3 m
under/WL_machines4 m
under/WL_machines5 m
under/WL_machines6 m
under/WL_machines7 m
under/WL_machines8 m
under/WL_machines9 m

water/waterfloor2 r
water/watermetal m
water/watermetal2 m
water/waterpillar m
water/waterpillarbase m
water/waterstatue m
water/watertile m
water/watertrim1 m
water/waterwall1 m
water/waterwall2 m

we_cemetary/block r
we_cemetary/bluemarble r
we_cemetary/ceiling r
we_cemetary/cembase r
we_cemetary/cembroke r
we_cemetary/cemcircle r
we_cemetary/cemcircle2 r
we_cemetary/cemcolumn r
we_cemetary/cemcolumn2 r
we_cemetary/cemcolumn2b r
we_cemetary/cemdirt d
we_cemetary/cemdoor m
we_cemetary/cemdoor2 m
we_cemetary/cemfloor m
we_cemetary/cemfloor2 r
we_cemetary/cemglyph m
we_cemetary/cemmetal m
we_cemetary/cemobelisk r
we_cemetary/cemrock r
we_cemetary/cemrunner m
we_cemetary/cemrunner2 m
we_cemetary/cemstair1 r
we_cemetary/cemstair2 r
we_cemetary/cemstairtop r
we_cemetary/cemtablet m
we_cemetary/cemtrim1 m
we_cemetary/cemtrim2 m
we_cemetary/cemtrim3 m
we_cemetary/cemtrim4 m
we_cemetary/cemtrim5 r
we_cemetary/cemtrim6 r
we_cemetary/cemwall1 r
we_cemetary/cemwall10 r
we_cemetary/cemwall11 r
we_cemetary/cemwall12 r
we_cemetary/cemwall1a r
we_cemetary/cemwall1b r
we_cemetary/cemwall1broke r
we_cemetary/cemwall1c r
we_cemetary/cemwall1d r
we_cemetary/cemwall1e o
we_cemetary/cemwall1f r
we_cemetary/cemwall2 r
we_cemetary/cemwall3 r
we_cemetary/cemwall4 m
we_cemetary/cemwall5 r
we_cemetary/cemwall5top r
we_cemetary/cemwall6 r
we_cemetary/cemwall7 m
we_cemetary/cemwall8 o
we_cemetary/cemwall9 r
we_cemetary/cemwl1 m
we_cemetary/crackedbrick r
we_cemetary/FL_fogway r
we_cemetary/FL_fogway_fx
we_cemetary/FL_temple r
we_cemetary/fogdoor w
we_cemetary/fogmushtop s
we_cemetary/fogtrunk o
we_cemetary/fogtrunktop o
we_cemetary/oretrim m
we_cemetary/pillartop m
we_cemetary/sandstone r
we_cemetary/sandstone2 r
we_cemetary/statue2 m
we_cemetary/tikibase1 r
we_cemetary/tikibase2 r
we_cemetary/TR_fogway m
we_cemetary/TR_stairs r
